Document remark/rehype (#938)
withastro/starlight: docs/src/content/docs/guides/authoring-content.md

## Other common Markdown features

Starlight supports all other Markdown authoring syntax, such as lists and tables. See the [Markdown Cheat Sheet from The Markdown Guide](https://www.markdownguide.org/cheat-sheet/) for a quick overview of all the Markdown syntax elements.

> ## Advanced Markdown and MDX Cofiguration
> 
> Starlight uses Remark built-in to Astro to parse Markdown and MDX files. You can configure the parser to support additional syntax and plugins by adding `remarkPlugins` or `rehypePlugins` array to your Astro config file. See the [Astro documentation](https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/markdown-content/#configuring-markdown-and-mdx) for more details.

Reviewer: Great idea!

Small rework here:
- Our headings use sentence case, so lower case “configuration”
- Tweaked some of the explanation to flow better
- Updated the link text to be more descriptive of where the link goes

```suggestion
## Advanced Markdown and MDX configuration

Starlight uses Astro’s Markdown and MDX renderer built on remark and rehype. You can add support for custom syntax and behavior by adding `remarkPlugins` or `rehypePlugins` in your Astro config file. See [“Configuring Markdown and MDX”](https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/markdown-content/#configuring-markdown-and-mdx) in the Astro docs to learn more.
```
